c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.pdb
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MissList.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MissList.baml
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\ThreeQ.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\ThreeQ.baml
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.manifest
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.application
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.manifest
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.application
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.config
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.manifest
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.application
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.exe
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\WordTestApp.pdb
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MissList.g.cs
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\ThreeQ.g.cs
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\MissList.baml
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\ThreeQ.baml
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.g.resources
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.exe.manifest
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.application
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.exe
D:\GitHub\WordTestApp\WordTestApp\obj\Debug\WordTestApp.pdb
